This is on Kaiser.
We keep this because of the banquet thing in it.
This is just a really beautiful taste.
That's a lithograph, of course.
That's one of the nicest lithographs I've ever seen.
Look, this white Japanese silk with gold.
Kaiser Wilhelm.
No, Kaiser Franz Joseph.
I just thought I saw... Oh, that's Marie...
Yeah, that's been beautiful.
When was his, what were his years?
Oh, he arranged for 40 years, died in 1960.
So he's a contemporary of the early crisis.
Yes.
But we have a lot of banquet things.
And you see, what's nice about this is they have the overview.
I've never seen that.
Exactly who they are, so you know, and what the procession was.
And we have the main banquets and some banquets with peasants.
What would you call this kind of a book?
That's a beautiful English name.
Tribute book?
No, not tribute book.
It is, usually you say here for professors to do it.
Monograph?
No.
I want to show you my favorite, which we regard as manuals, but you being a bookish person will think that it's a book.
This is one of the Muslim classics that we have in the collection.
The American Testimonial Banquet to Henry M. Stanley at the Portland Rooms.
This is Henry, this is Stanley, the explorer.
There's a brand new biography of him, which just came in.
And who was, who all was there, but there's nothing like this book anymore.
Feel this.
There he is.
What is this book?
I think it's amazing.
This is the menu, but with all the people in the party who went on the trip.
This is the trip to Africa.
Yeah.
To find Livingston.
And that's the menu.
The toast, the program of the music.
And where was this?
I didn't read it in New York.
In New York.
And an autograph.
And there's Stanley there.
Mm-hmm.
And there's the signature there.
Here it is.
That's nice.
Where'd you get this?
Connections.
Huh?
Connections, huh?
Besides the menu, this is what makes it so unbelievable.
Which is what?
Say it from my tape.
These are photographs of the individual... Yes, on the expedition.
...on the expedition, on separate, very thick pages.
Photo engravings.
From the participants of the expedition.
and participants who then successfully came back and attended the dinner given in honor of Stanley's founding living.
And in each one underneath.
Stanley gives a background about that person.
Oh, it's like a little tribute, actually.
And this, when was the year of this?
So we can get it nailed down.
Okay, the American Testimonial Banquet.
to Henry M. Stanley in recognition of his heroic achievements in the cause of humanity, science, and civilization, and a greeting to his chief officers, Portland, Rome's London, May 30th, 18th.
It's a hundred years old.
And, by the way, how do you judge the food, the menu?
Does it look like a pretty good dinner?
It, not to be pretty good, but a well-designed meal of fame.
So, you know, it was... Talk a little bit to me about it, please.
Now, you're getting this book, so, Robert's already described its uniqueness, but now I want you, as a noted chef, to tell me what you, would you have liked to have been present at this dinner?
Of course, you know, this is the end of the Victorian era.
This is in the bell epoch, when French food governs the world, reigns over the world.
Del Epoch.
Yes.
And in London, they started with orders, with assorted orders.
Then as soups, we have the imperial consomme and the puree of tomatoes.
Then comes the fish courses, salmon with cucumbers, Hollandese sauce, and
There are several entrees, I can see.
Yes, this is just a fish course.
The second fish course is the little white fish nature, or deviled, which means hot.
Deviled, yeah.
Then comes the entrees, small timbaths of goose liver with truffles, and chafroa,
with little medallions.
Then comes the next course.
Capon braised with tarragon.
Ham with Madeira sauce.
I don't want to eat this much.
No, they chose one.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Then young lamb
with mint sauce, French salad, potatoes, green beans and fresh spinach.
Then as roast was roast duckling with small peas and braised game birds.
or fresh white asparagus.
Is this all in French, by the way?
All written in French.
Well, Chris, we end with cigars, I can see.
It ends with cigars.
Does it give the vintages of the wines, or does it just say Sherry Chablis?
No, no.
This is an English menu, and it just says Sherry, Chablis, Claret, Chablis.
Fort Juan and Biggers.
Sounds like a pretty nice dinner.
Yeah.
Magnificent.
It's wonderful.
La Cuisine Creole.
That's not a reference, but look at this.
That's the original.
1885, La Cuisine, C-R-E-O-L-E, a collection of culinary recipes by F-F-H-A-N-S-E-L-L and Brothers Limited, New Orleans.
This must be one of the very first Creole cookbooks.
This is the first.
Oh, this is the first.
Now, how come this is here and out in Iowa?
A mistake?
No.
No, I have two.
Oh, a duplicate.
You know, no university or no school.
No, these are five, but they want two books.
That's admirable.
That's being piggish.
I mean, except the Folger Shakespeare Library.
Yeah.
Which one's every captain.
And this is our friend.
This is... Favorite dishes.
The Chicago Columbian Exhibition.
Favorite dishes of the women managers of the fair.
Remember Mrs. Palmer's husband is very well connected and she convinced them to let the women run the fair.
And this was written by women, designed by women, and printed by a woman.
That's very... This is 1893.
The title is Favorite Dishes, a Colombian Autograph Souvenir Cookery Book.
Over 300 autograph recipes and 23 portraits contributed specially by the Board of Lady Managers of the World's Colombian Exposition.
Okay.
This is Chicago.
But these are doops.
This was a different time that Roman exposed himself like this, not in the center for the playboy.
And I want to get some spellings here.
With the napkins in the back for the wedding?
We owned the original of this book.
And your original was in Iowa?
Yes.
I just want to see how you spell the trancher.
Andres... Okay.
G-R-E-N-C-H-I-E-R.
And this would have been 1670.
Okay.
You told me about these earlier, so I had all this.
The nap thing in the back with the wedding.
You see, for the...
These are all napkins folded by people who've been trained with napkin folding.
And here, they folded whole tablecloths beside napkins also.
This is what you took three years to pay for, right?
An original?
No, no, no.
That's what's petite.
And, you know, the hard—you see, here is a whole table with one folded tablecloth.
And here, for weddings, a hand is mated by the roses.
Hand-witching and mated?
Yes.
Very unusual, isn't it?
For weddings.
Of course.
Makes sense.
Yes.
And cousins and peacocks and turkeys.
This is lust.
I mean, this type of thing is not done by anyone.
These are fruit carvings.
I'm going to let you go home pretty soon.
It's 9 o'clock.
I'm showing you a few things.
Okay.
I'm fine, but I don't want to overstay my welcome.
We are the type of people we have called you.
We hope you understand.
I will call you a couple weeks before I'm coming, a week before.
When are you coming to Chicago?
October the 4th.
That Friday, I've got pretty much open.
Yeah, I will be not home then.
I will be on a wedding.
In Arizona.
That week?
And I'm coming home, yeah.
Okay.
And then I will be home to Arizona.
You won't be there at all that week, you say?
Uh, I think I'm coming home from Arizona on the 7th.
Okay, I'll just check my calendar.
Yeah.
This is the first Chicago cookbook.
The first Chicago cookbook of Cake Baker.
By Paul.
By A-P-O-L.
Again, this should be in Iowa.
Is this a joke?
No.
That's fine, you know.
What do you explain to me?
There's no such a thing that this should be, or this should be not, because this was
This is a tiny little book, I would say six inches by perhaps three or four inches.
You see, these books are not in my collection, never been in my collection.
These are in my special Chicago imprint collection, what was never a part of my cookbook collection.
The Chicago imprint collection.
I collected in a special collection, in a special room,
approximately 6,000 Chicago cookbooks.
Among the things like this, no other copy ever known, no place any record.
This is a unique copy, so far as we know.
It's an absolute magnificent, with four-color cover, pre-Chicago fire book from the time of the Civil War.
Well, let me just say what it is.
It's the Household Treasure.
That's the title.
containing several hundred valuable receipts, R-E-C-E-I-P-T-S, for cooking, making dyes, coloring, cleaning, and cementing.
Also, the latest and most approved means for the cure of diseases of men, women, and children.
R.Landon, L-A-N-D-O-N, agent, Chicago, Illinois, price 25 cents.
Do we have a date for that?
We say pre-fire.
No, but we know from the book.
1865.
So content.
And that is, so far as you know, a unique copy.
Definitely, absolutely.
Never anybody heard of it.
No collection lists it.
That's what collecting is all about, isn't it?
When I started to talk to Iowa, the first meeting I said,
I'm not giving you my Chicago cookbooks.
Oh, so they know that.
Of course.
Lakeside Cookbook.
There are two of them here.
Donnelly, Lloyd, L-O-Y-D, and Company.
And these are, again, these are cookbooks from Chicago.
Are you familiar with the Lakeside Press?
No, I'm not.
In Chicago, the Donnelly family?
D-O-N-N-E-L-L-E-Y.
I love Donnelly.
They're the advertising people, no?
But they are the largest printing family, fourth generation of American printers.
And in the beginning, when Mr. Dunney started in the pre-fire Chicago, whenever he ran out of money so he could not pay his workers on the weekend, he asked his wife to write a cookbook, which they sold at every newsstand to the city.
And the cookbook sold like hotcakes.
It always went from the red into the black.
She was a fabulous cook.
He saved the company on numerous occasions.
That's a great story.
True.
You can ask the diamond boy.
You know, he's one of the great collectors in Chicago.
Who is?
Good friend of mine.
What's his name?
James Donnelly.
Jim Donnelly.
He's around?
Oh, yeah.
The boys are still running.
Is he somebody I should talk to?
I think so.
Yeah, I don't know if you can.
I will try, my darling.
Well, I mean, he's a collector?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
What kinds of things does he collect?
Lakeside Press, you said, is the most famous?
The most exciting and longest-running series of Americana are the Lakeside Books by Lakeside Press.
Really, really collector's items.
They are printed only for the friends of the family.
Better for sale.
I'm on the list since about 30 years.
Every copy.
Since 30 years.
Every copy you have.
Yeah, but these start with 30 years.
So where do you find 6,000 different items just in Chicago imprints?
Just in Chicago or everywhere?
Everywhere.
Two other words.
You find these.
You look.
This is A-P-I-C-I-U-S.
Apecius.
That's the famous Roman cookery book.
That's the...
second century book which was printed first in Latin I think in Basel in 1541 or so this is and this is the first English edition with the
translation of the American chef in Chicago.
And this is Mr. Williams, the author's working copy.
James D., can I just see his name?
Should I just spell it?
Joseph D. V-E-H-L-I-N-G.
Author's working copy.
And this is about when, when it was?
This was published.
Two guys, 1956 or four.
No, 1936.
1936.
Barbara, when did this page get written?
Hmm.
Now, is that something you'd want to fix, or would you read it like that?
No.
That's true.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it's old.
Yeah.
But you would fix that.
Oh, yeah.
A little price thing.
Now, a plain street copy I just bought at the book sale of the Newberry Library a couple weeks ago for $200.
Newberry?
Yeah.
You're still collecting?
You're still buying?
Yeah.
Certain things.
For yourself or for the collections?
For both.
For the Women's Art Industrial Association of Nevada.
That's the first Nevada cookbook.
Cookbook of the Women's Art and Industrial Association of Nevada.
The first Nevada cookbook, 1887.
So that's not even a state.
I don't think Nevada was a state from 1887.
I'll check it out.
Castle City, Nevada.
I bet it was a territory then, huh?
I think so.
That's great.
That's nice.
We do have a lot of, like, imprints and collected American regionals.
There's a lot of the first South Carolina, very early.
Yeah, the first New Mexico, the first five years old.
I think I asked you earlier what got away that...
I put it on after we finished that discussion.
What got away, you know, that you really regret?
Did you ever miss getting something that really upset you?
Yeah, but I never... But you look ahead.
The eyes are in front of your head.
That's right.
But, you know, sometimes I miss books because I called late or, you know, somebody was lucky.
But I really never look at that.
I always look at the next gap.
How about dealers?
Do they... You see, the thing is this.
I need to buy books like a hole in my head.
I'm not so well-heared financially that I could afford this, because my wife and I, we took care of our old time under normal circumstances.
But we did not provide, really,
for real fancy extras.
But when I have an opportunity, when I see something that I know that I see once, it is like a beautiful sunny day.
You look up on the sky, and the sky is blue, and there is one cloud, beautiful cloud, and it has a
Just incredible shape of a young coat of a unicorn.
And you just look at it as that, and it goes away.
And it never ever comes again.
You know?
I was looking last week on a castle in Chicago.
And it was already three days old.
And I thought, well, too bad.
Then I thought, no, it is good I didn't look public before, because probably I wouldn't be able to resist from the Heritage Collective Society, which is a village.
And I said to my wife, I said, you know, I have here something.
I am sorry, I couldn't buy it because I could not afford it.
She said, what is it?
I said, George Washington, 1732-1799, U.S.
President, a two-column ship's paper issued to
George Blair, master of the brig, Sammy.
S-A-L-L-I-E.
Of New York, of the burden of 100 tongues or thereabouts, lying a present in the port of New York, bound for new providence.
And laden with flour, Indian meal, bread,
Peas, beans, lard, beef, corn, potatoes, oats, rice, boards and shingles.
Signed by George Washington as president, followed with Secretary of State Edmund Randolph and Mayor of New York Richard Warren.
$8,500.
So did you call?
So my wife said, did you come?
I said, no, I just don't have the money.
I mean, just do that.
The next morning I went to my office.
My wife calls me up.
She said, I just went to the bank this morning, and I put $10,000 in your account.
Why don't you call up the bank?
Come eat me on it.
She knew you really wanted it.
Well, you know,
My whole collection is here in Providence, and here is a George Washington item, the kind of food item that is just fantastic for this collection.
Coming to New Providence, no less.
That's right.
So I caught up, and the guy said, absolutely so.
I said, oh, there are .
And he said, who is this?
Is this Dr. Satmari?
I said, yes.
He said, you know, I thought you, from your Brooklyn English and from, because this is a food pilot, but I thought you donated your collection.
I said, yes, I did, but I still.
He said, you know, this man doesn't collect food items.
He wants this because he wants a nice Washington autograph.
He doesn't give a damn book.
Let me talk to him.
Perhaps we can offer him something.
And I explained him that this is for a school.
So three days later he called, he said, I have the item.
He's sending it back.
Send your check.
And we are selling him something for exactly the same price.
We went down.
No battery.
The price is not a food.
It's a military item, but he doesn't disagree because he just wants Washington.
He just wants Washington.
So you get it?
So I get it.
No, they get it.
The school gets it.
Well, yeah, but where does it go first, to Chicago?
We're here.
Not here.
You don't even get to hold it first?
No, I hope I will be here when it comes.
I mean, you're going to give it, but at least I have to feel that you'd like to possess it.
I already possess it.
How have you already possessed it?
You haven't seen it yet.
You know what you've read.
I know it is now.
Isn't that wonderful?
Be happy.
I'm very happy because I know that this school can be twice 75-year-old.
They will never fund a second George Washington item about food which has to do with Rhode Island.
That's an idea.
That's what the Latin school could call
The Fate of the Books.
How do you spell that?
S-A-T-A, Fata, Libelli.
L-I-B-E-L-L-I.
That's one word, Libelli?
Yes.
That's the books.
The Fate of the Books?
See, that item belonged with you in the school.
That's right.
That's the fate of it.
It's destiny.
And you know what else was very important?
Your wife?
Yes.
She was everything.
Because you needed her blessing to get this book.
I needed her understanding and cooperation.
And to her great credit, she said, was she indulging you, do you think?
I think, no.
She felt that for this collection, it's so important to have decided.
It's so important to see, to have this kind of support.
Did you tell him about the handcuffs?
Who did you buy that?
Can I just see where you got that from, Heritage?
This is somebody I don't know.
Heritage Collector's Society.
That's, uh, I've heard of them.
11 West Court Street, Box 2300.
Ballstown, PA, two and five, three, four, five, seven, nine, five.
See, there's a guy in Chicago, Lumen, you ever heard of him?
Yeah.
I saw him by the Declaration of Independence for a million and a half dollars.
He was at that sale in New York.
He came in New York, he had a red, white, and blue shirt on.
Yeah.
It was great.
Did you buy this a book?
No.
He didn't buy it for Forbes, some other guy.
It was an anonymous buyer, but somebody told me.
Ralph Newman bought it.
But he bought it for a collection.
For somebody, yeah.
And I know his name, but it wasn't Forbes.
Yeah.
So look, here, this is my job.
May I, can I just say this?
This was done by Claire and Anthony.
Okay.
We're holding here a large, beautiful, look at the condition letter.
Dear Sir, Monday noon, 30 August, 1779.
It is signed by John Hancock.
This is John Hancock's John Hancock.
That's John Hancock's John Hancock.
Here's the paragraph.
Short paragraph.
I am now preparing my house for the celebration of a wedding this night.
I walked in town today.
I dine on board the French frigate tomorrow.
So you see how I have recovered.
I expect an answer from Miss Eunice, E-O-N-I-C-E, under her own hands.
She may write to a married man.
The Philistines, it starts.
The Philistines are coming upon me on Wednesday next at dinner.
To be serious, the ambassador, et cetera, et cetera, I should dine with you on Wednesday.
This is Lafayette.
This is quite a nice letter.
It's coming.
Lafayette.
Is this in Boston, by the way?
Baltimore.
It's exciting for both members to go to the haven, to go shopping.
And sending his mail.
Both of his servants to Providence Rhode Island.
Well, listen, I must beg the favor of you to recommend to my man, Harry, where he can get some chickens, ducks, geese, hams, partridges, mutton, or anything, that's anything, two words, that will save my reputation in a dinner, and by all means, some butter.
Be so good as to help me, and you will much oblige me.
Is there any good melons or peaches or any good fruit near you?
Your advice to Harry will much oblige me.
Excuse me, I am very troublesome.
Can I get a good turkey?
That's wonderful.
You can see that Mrs. Hancock stands there, the coordinator tells you what to write.
Excuse me, I am very troublesome.
Can I get a good turkey?
Yeah.
Let me read the one, I think it's just one line paragraph.
God bless you if you've seen anything good at Providence, do buy it for you.
So he's sending someone to Baltimore to get the other servant in New Haven to go to Providence shopping because this is the center of the colonial market.
This has come home.
That's wonderful.
And this document came home.
This document came home.
Two problems.
Part of the building.
after the fate of the book.
And do you feel good about that?
I feel very good about that.
Yeah.
This is a very, this is an archival thing, too.
This is very, it's very nice.
Congratulations.
Bill of Fear, Lincoln's inaugural ball.
Boy, you've got some nice stuff.
Only three copies of this.
Three copies of this exist, Annette.
Bill of Fear of the Presidential Inauguration Ball in the city of Washington, D.C.
on the 6th of March, 1865.
Fresh by G.A.
Balzer, confectioner, B.A.L.Z.R.
The great-grandson of Balzer is a friend of mine, and we worked for the same publication for 12 years.
That's quite a nice dinner they had, huh?
And this is the cops.
Lincoln took home.
for his son.
This very one?
This very one.
This very one is, let's say it again, is a copy that Lincoln took home to his son, Bob, and I purchased it from the family of Bob Lincoln.
Through Ralph Wilmer.
So we know the provenance of this is secure, is certain.
Yes.
That's Lincoln's own copy.
That's pretty special.
and Ralph Newman.
That didn't come unexpectedly, I'm sure.
No, no.
He called me, and he said, this is what I'm saying.
You tell him the story about how you always wanted to have a Lincoln, and you couldn't afford it.
You remember Conway, Conway?
Yeah, or Conrad Barker in Texas.
Conway Barker.
Yeah, Conway Barker.
Tell him the story about the Lincoln.
Yeah, but he mailed it.
Yes.
He was a small autograph dealer.
Small, what kind of a dealer?
A autograph dealer.
He used to use the three doors.
They used to get stuff on him and work.
And he wrote to me an oath.
He said, Shepu, you always want to have a legal.
And I could never supply you with one.
Now here is a ring cord, which is not too much work.
And I don't want you to bite, but I want you to hold it in your hand, touch it, keep it there for a while, and then send it back.
You know what you did?
Yeah.
It was just a little signal.
He told you how much it was.
Yeah, it was not food-related, you know, and he know that, but he wants me to hold it.
To hold it.
Because he used to call him up his hand, don't you ever get any of these food?
Yeah, it would be kind of French.
You know, I let you go home, but I would like to tell you a little anecdote, a little story.
When the United States was 200 years old, the ALA, the American Library Association, was 100 years old.
And D. Harvey, Chicago had a fantastic day.
Centennial Convention of the American Library Association.
It was a four-day program from 7 a.m.
till midnight every day.
And one day we had a champagne reception prior to Gala de Merck at the Newberry Library
and the power for me, for assessment, who was the head of the Newberry Library, and a good friend, and Jim Reynolds, who was the director, he called me up and he said, we would like you to donate the copy of the reception
to the Antiquarian book dealers of the world who are coming to Chicago to this convention.
Anybody and everybody who is somebody will be there from Amsterdam, from London, from Paris.
We all will be here.
And we would like you to donate there.
champagne reception and do the champagne reception.
So I bought in Wisconsin a 90-day-old, 130-pound Swiss cheese.
And I carved it into as large a book as you could.
And I called it the holy book because these cheese were full of hope.
And from all that I cut off from the open book, we made all kinds of fine hors d'oeuvres, what you make with cheese, hot hors d'oeuvres and cold hors d'oeuvres.
Because it was in the Newberry Library, I said, I have to create some new berries.
So from a funeral home, I rented some ficus trees, and I bought the largest
Now, what did you rent from them?
Ficus trees.
Ficus.
Okay.
These are very nice trees for children at home.
Trees.
F-I-C-O-S trees.
Okay.
And I bought the Drexler strawberries from California.
The largest strawberries, which are like small lemons or like lime.
And we mixed French Cognac and Cointreau liquor, and with a syringe, with a medical syringe, we injected each one, because we all have a hollow middle.
And with green pipe cleaner, we hung it on the trees.
And we made all kinds of others for this, and I bought five case of Dom Perignon champagne.
And they said, now, you have to give the speech to these people.
It will be a one-hour party, talk about ten minutes, and let them have a fine conversation, and then Joey takes down.
Probably they want to ask some questions and answers.
Then we get the phone call.
When everything was ready and was supposed to arrive,
that this will be 15 minutes late, because their meeting is 15 minutes late.
And then after 15 minutes, we get a phone call.
They just want to leave, but the bus wasn't starting, so it will be another 15 minutes.
They'll be there.
That means that they will have only about 30 minutes for the champagne, the suction.
They have to be someplace afterwards.
Of course, they have to go to the gala, didn't they?
To make a long story short, on the end, they said to me, Louis, you have five minutes to speak, because he didn't be here.
Just for one glass of champagne, they were coming, shake hands, hover by, and they have to go.
Finally, they arrived, and I was told,
that we have to read within 10 minutes.
He said, just say something to these guys.
And I said, gentlemen, it's wonderful to have you all here as our guests.
Welcome to Chicago.
Welcome to the New Valley.
And it is
It's the greatest feeling to be with 75 distinguished people in the same room who all know how do I spell my name from my checks which never bounce.
Thank you very much.
From my checks, they never bounce.
They've been laughing, they've been rolling.
I mean, you know, for a Dutch man to... Too bad that they came.
No, it was wonderful.
You know what was great?
The anticipation waiting for them to come.
And you know what was wonderful?
It wasn't their fault.
When we came back four years later to the United States, to that New York meeting, that book collector whom I talked to you about, Lee Berlin,
He called me one day and he said, Louis, I want to tell you something.
The five greatest books here of the world are flying tomorrow to Chicago to have dinner with you, because we can never forget your speech once again.
And who were they?
I have their autographs.
But they came to visit you?
Yeah, they flew in from New York to Chicago.
to have dinner with me and then flew back to here.
Isn't that nice?
Yeah.
So you've bought from dealers all over the world?
We should show you our dealer file.
Oh, sure.
I'm going to let you go home.
Yeah.
It's 9.30.
I do want to take a couple more quick shots out of the room.
In the apartment, the books you keep.
You look over the shop.
Okay.
And that's my memory.
What?
What I keep.
It's mind-boggling.
It is mind-boggling?
Then I have to see it, don't I?
I want to show you the cookbook, what I flew to Vienna to buy.
And after I bought it, I flew back.
You went to Vienna, bought a book?
Yeah.
And that's at home?
I paid $5,000 for the book.
What is the book?
That's the Salzburger cookbook.
Salzburger cookbook.
What's the word after Salzburg?
Yes, Salzburger, E-R.
Salzburger cookbook.
This must be quite a book.
Well, because the front page is missing, I could get it for a lousy $5,000.
But I already have an offer from a Swiss dealer for $10,000.
Not a bad day.
Yeah, but of course I didn't want to sell it.
But this is a cookbook which was written around the time when Mozart was.
I got a child in Salzburg.
You know?
And I lived in Salzburg for seven years.
And you love Mozart.
You told me about that.
I love Mozart.
And, you know... My mother's license plate
It says most people have vanity plates.
She has Mozart.
Why her own name, Mozart?
That's nice.
All right.
Take a couple pictures.
What kind of skewers?
Cold meat.
That's for the cold meats.
They show what kind of meat it is.
It is fish or fall or rabbit or lobster.
That's how the back of the day with black brothels, coke scone, and different aspects of the street.
You know what's this?
That's really for the sportsman.
This is a cocktail shaker.
An art, back of cocktail shaker.
That's to keep the ice.
I'm just going to take a couple more shots.
And I just, I got a lot of pictures out here.
I think what I want is just to get a long one.
This place is just a cavernous
Just to give some idea of the... of the size of this thing.
We have a list collection that you're doing... Franslitz.
Franslitz.
Do you give that to Howard Gottlieb?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know Howard.
I will.
And you said, what was the Transylvania collection?
No, that's a joke.
What was the joke saying for the kid?
I said, did you ever have heard of my Transylvania silver and gold collection?
Okay, I didn't know.